Platform AWS & Azure Billing & Budgets enrichment (#41142)
demisto/content: Packs/Azure/Integrations/Azure/README.md

| Azure.CosmosDB.properties.readLocations | List | An array that contains the read locations enabled for the Cosmos DB account. |
| Azure.CosmosDB.properties.virtualNetworkRules | List | List of Virtual Network ACL rules. |
| Azure.CosmosDB.properties.writeLocations | List | An array that contains the write locations enabled for the Cosmos DB account. |

### azure-billing-usage-list

***
Returns actual usage and cost details for a given time period, optionally filtered by service name.

#### Base Command

`azure-billing-usage-list`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | subscription_id | Azure sub to run the command on - will be sent as scope parameter - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/. | Required |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| subscription_id | The Azure subscription ID on which to run the command. Will be sent as a scope parameter - /subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/. | Required |
```

| Azure.Billing.Usage.properties.productOrderName | String | Product order name. |
| Azure.Billing.Usage.properties.offerId | String | Offer identifier. |
| Azure.Billing.Usage.properties.isAzureCreditEligible | Boolean | Whether usage is Azure credit eligible. |
| Azure.Billing.Usage.properties.term | String | Term. |
| Azure.Billing.Usage.properties.publisherName | String | Publisher name. |
| Azure.Billing.Usage.properties.publisherType | String | Publisher type. |
| Azure.Billing.Usage.properties.planName | String | Plan name. |
| Azure.Billing.Usage.properties.chargeType | String | Charge type. |
| Azure.Billing.Usage.properties.frequency | String | Frequency. |
| Azure.Billing.Usage.properties.payGPrice | Number | Pay-as-you-go price. |
| Azure.Billing.Usage.properties.pricingModel | String | Pricing model. |
| Azure.Billing.UsageNextToken | String | Next page token for pagination. |

### azure-billing-forecast-list

***
Returns cost forecast for a subscription over a given time range.

#### Base Command

`azure-billing-forecast-list`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | subscription_id | Azure sub to run the command on. | Required |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| subscription_id | The Azure subscription ID on which to run the command. | Required |
```
